♪ MTV
[Joanne]
What happened?
Are we in danger?
I took out a made man
from Kansas City.
I woke up this morning
with a dead body
at the foot of my driveway.
I want Manfredi dead.
- Where you guys headed?
- [Dwight] Galena.
We got wind turbines.
It's a business investment.
In exchange for fronting
your wind farm,
we want 20%
of all energy generated.
We also want 20% of all
your hydroponic weed profits.
I got another offer
less than an hour ago.
Thresher, right?
I can make it work.
- Deal.
- Great, General.
Donnie. You're interesting
in selling this joint?
And what are you asking
for the place?
Ouch.
One last question.
Would you buy a car
from this guy?
- Sure would.
- Then we got a deal.
Your boss was supposed
to call me back.
You got our friend in Tulsa
on heightened alert.
It sounds like there's
a suggestion in there.
Conversation.
With all interested parties.
- You mean us.
- For starters.
- What on earth, Dad?
- I'm teaching them
how not to lose
their lunch money.
How about telling your teachers?
Ratting? You never drop
a dime on anybody.
♪ mid-tempo country music ♪
***
[Tina] Oh, look how beautiful
the school grounds are.
[Dwight]
Yeah, it's really nice.
God, they got a playset
for everyone to play.
When I was a kid, we had
two trash cans in an alley.
[Tina laughs]
- [Dwight] Jesus.
- [door sensor dings]
Look at this place. It's like
Ding Dong School, Romper Room.
- That's before your time.
- Get it out of your system.
Mr. Rogers, where are you?
Okay, Dad,
is this completely necessary?
What? Him?
He's my guardian angel.
- Can't Bigfoot come?
- No, not today.
- It's families only.
- Please.
No, he's too big
to fit behind a desk anyway.
But I need you two to be on your
best behavior today. Promise?
Oh, come on,
they're lucky to get our kids.
The acceptance rate is less
than ten percent.
Everybody wants their kids
to go here.
Good morning. Hi. Dr. Fogel.
- Welcome to Meridian Day School.
- Hey, how you doing?
Uh, Tina Manfredi,
uh, my father Dwight.
And who have we here?
- My name is Ryan.
- And I'm Cody.
That's Heckle and Jeckle.
- [laughter]
- Wonderful. Wonderful.
This is Vanessa.
She'll be showing you around
while I talk to your family.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Hi, guys.
Should we go exploring?
Yes.
I'm sorry. This gentleman here.
Um, will he be joining us?
Oh, you don't want him
joining you.
But he'll disappear
when I disappear.
[students]
Today I will be kind.
I will be respectful of others
and their differences.
I have great ideas.
I am empowered.
I am in control
of my own happiness.
You know,
they should try some push-ups.
Hmm. Uh, as you can see,
we greatly encourage
self-expression and creativity.
- Mm-hmm.
- That looks very nice.
- Excuse me for one moment.
- [quietly] Come here.
You know, my hair was getting
kind of gray,
so the other night
I bought this stuff,
you know, at the pharmacy, I put
it on the hairbrush, put it in.
Makes your hair darker. Since
you're dark, how's it look?
- You look like Dracula.
- That's not funny.
I-In addition
to a robust academic program,
we also stress sport.
You have a football team?
Oh, heavens, no.
Far too violent.
We do, however, field tennis,
basketball and swim teams
with the emphasis being
on teamwork.
- Mm-hmm.
For example, in basketball
we stress passing
to one another,
without the focus solely being
on outcome.
Right. But how do you know who
wins if you don't keep score?
Well, every child wins
in the quest to develop
into kind and thoughtful members
of society.
Yeah? Hey, you guys ever think
about doing a class
for, like, street smarts?
- How to survive. Like, okay.
- [Tina] Dad?
This guy comes up to you,
or this person's trying
to hustle you.
Oh, give it a fancy name.
Like, what is it?
"Social Intelligence."
- Here's what I'm thinking.
- Dad?
No, but ser... Give me a minute.
You know, math, the thing,
people learning all this stuff
they're never gonna use.
But, like, how to park a car,
a bank account, take care--
So, I hear
you have a playground?
We do. Would love to show you.
This way.
I was on a roll here.
[distant chatter of children]
You have theater here.
When are the auditions?
Uh, there aren't any.
Every child gets to play Annie,
girls and boys.
Wait a minute. Every child?
It's called Little Orphan Annie,
not Little Orphan Andy.
It's supposed to be, like,
a little girl, right?
But every child gets
to play Annie,
and there's a new Annie
in each scene.
That way every child
gets a chance to be a star.
You like rabbits, Mr. Manfredi?
I do, in a dish.
What's up, Doc?
- Any other questions?
- Yes.
How do you resolve conflicts
here, Dr. Fogel?
We adhere to the RULER system.
Yeah, now you're talking.
Crack across the knuckle.
It does wonders.
[laughs]
He's joking.
It's an acronym, Mr. Manfredi.
R-- Recognize your feelings.
U-- Understand your feelings.
L-- Label your feelings.
E-- Express your feelings.
And R-- Regulate your feelings.
- RULER.
You should put music to that.
- I'm gonna go wait in the car.
- Yeah, that's a good idea.
Nice meeting you.
♪ percussive, upbeat music
***
[upbeat rock playing quietly]
- "Take a hit." [laughs]
- [laughs]
Them's the rules.
- [coughs]
- [Bodhi] The fuck are you doing?
Uh, playing a game.
Were you in a coma with
your eyes open three days ago
when I told you to stay alert?
I'm alert. I'm just, uh, high.
This is not the time
or the place.
If a weed shop is not the time
or place, then where is?
Fred, I hired you
to be security.
Do your job.
Grace, Dwight's sister Joanne
might stop by the shop later.
She wants
to learn about the business,
so you show her around, yeah?
You're not gonna be here?
Oh, no. Jimmy and I have
to head to the wind farm.
We got to see how those repairs
are coming along.
What's the story
with the hydroponic greenhouse?
When we build it,
they will come.
But to build it,
we need those turbines fixed,
so we can get the juice flowing.
Got an ETA, or...?
A few months. Why?
I wouldn't be averse
to working there.
Have you worked at a weed farm?
I grew up on a regular farm.
Oh, somehow I never took you
for a country girl.
I was. Milked cows,
raked the stalls,
slopped hogs, you name it.
If a position opens up,
I would love to discuss it.
Right, yeah. Duly noted.
Oh, uh, are you still packing?
- Always.
- Okay. All right.
Just call me
if there's anything.
Fred, get the fuck up.
What did I say?
[Dwight]
Why don't I play Annie?
Why not?
I could do it.
You got 37 other Annies.
And how about
a scoreless basketball game?
That's gonna be
real interesting.
"Wait, what's the score?"
"I don't know."
Come on, man.
You can't be serious
about sending those kids
to that nuthouse.
I am. Do you know how hard it is
to get
into any school right now?
It's not real.
It's not realistic.
They're training them to be
patsies and fall guys. Wimps.
I'd like to think
that I taught my kids
to be pretty strong, thank you.
Not everybody sees the world
as the hellscape
[chuckling]
that you do, Dwight.
Do you not watch the news?
You got to be ready
for everything.
You can't be naive and gullible
like they want you to be
and listen to what
they're saying all the time.
This is not the world
you grew up in.
Everything's changed.
Wrong.
Human nature does not change.
Are you kidding me?
Look around you.
Nothing is the same.
In life, everything changes.
- [Joanne] Except Dwight.
- [Tina] Except Dwight.
Because he used to be
- a pain in the ass.
- Yeah?
- Get out of here.
- Guess what.
He's still a pain. [laughs]
- I'm still a pain in the ass.
- [Tina] No.
Is that what you're saying?
- [Joanne] Mm-hmm.
- Okay. So what?
- I'm dependable.
- [chuckles]
Oh, by the way,
I got you that La-Z-Boy.
You did?
Yes. Just so we could live
with you.
That's really
what it came down to.
Come on. I love you guys.
Thank you very much.
Hey, forget what I said
about the school.
The hell with it.
You got the chair?
[scoffs]
[Donnie]
My lawyer approved the contract,
so, at this point,
it's just a matter
of getting the go-ahead from GM.
So when can we meet the reps?
It's in the process
of being scheduled.
Meantime, there's no harm
in me showing you the ropes.
Oh, shit. I'm all ears, Donnie.
All right. Now,
anyone can sell cars.
There's no secret formula.
What distinguishes a dealership
are two things:
- service and marketing.
- Got you.
For example, a customer comes in
for an oil change,
we wash his car for free,
give him an air freshener.
Doesn't cost a lot,
makes a huge impression.
Exactly. It also creates
a subtle psychological dynamic
where the customer feels
he owes you,
so he becomes loyal to you
no matter how much
you upsell him.
- And marketing?
- That's key.
See, how else can you tell
one dealer from another?
You need an image, a gimmick.
Now, you may not believe this,
but I'm not a real cowboy.
- Get out of town.
- Yeah, seriously.
I've never been on a real horse
in my life.
I think
I'm actually allergic to 'em.
But you got the boots on
and everything.
That's all part of the image.
Donnie Shore's Auto Corral
was actually my wife's idea.
That's the brand. See?
What's more all-American,
what's more wholesome
than a cowboy?
Uh... a baseball player.
Aw, not even close.
You got Pete Rose
with the gambling,
them other guys with the,
with the drug scandals, see?
But cowboys,
they're universally admired.
Hey, have you ever seen
my commercials?
I have actually.
Well, here, check out my latest.
Howdy, partner.
It's Tulsa's friendliest
car dealer Donnie Shore,
ready to make you
a rootin' tootin'...
- That is not a real horse.
- You don't say.
You say you want a Mustang?
- [gunshot]
- [horse neighs]
[chuckles]
You'd rather have a Bronco?
- [gunshot]
- [engine revs]
A Jaguar? Say no more.
- [gunshot]
- [growls]
Whatever you're looking
to saddle up,
come on down
to Donnie Shore's Auto Corral,
where we'll make a deal,
Shore 'nuff.
You're just full
of surprises, aren't you?
[laughs]
Yeah.
♪ jazzy, playful music
***
[Vince] Fucking kid
down at the pizza joint.
Asked for chicken parm,
he gives me meatballs.
- Cooky Gucciardo's son.
- Figures.
It's a pigsty in here.
Smells like
a goddamn frat house, too.
Oh, you gonna throw that out?
Hey, Zip, why don't you go
get us a marriage license?
You sound like my wife.
Know what? Fine, I'll clean up.
'Cause God knows, if I don't
do it, no one else will.
You know who used
to keep this place spotless?
Goodie.
He's a mental case with, uh,
what do you call? OCD.
Why you think
Chickie trusted him again,
- right after all he did?
- Beats me.
Once a Benedict Arnold,
always a Benedict Arnold.
- Christ!
- [laughs]
Don't let Chickie catch you
sitting there.
- That's his spot.
- Fuck Chickie.
Far as I'm concerned,
it's Pete's.
Yeah, Pete.
Back when this family
made sense.
Chickie never could
hold his liquor.
My old man would say
booze was...
truth serum.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
***
What are you getting at?
What do you think
I'm getting at? Hmm?
Pete's legs kicking like crazy?
- That's what he said, ain't it?
- I heard him.
So what do you think he meant?
He killed him.
The fuck you think I think?
What are we gonna do?
[Vince sighs]
The fuck's going on?
Nothing.
You guys hang around here
too much.
Maybe there's some coin that
could still be made out West.
Tulsa?
[clicks, whirs]
How's that gonna work?
We arrange a sit-down.
- [whirring]
- Us, Bevilaqua, Dwight.
I mean,
all this tit-for-tat shit,
it's bad for business.
You'd sit down with Dwight?
Who are you,
Henry fucking Kissinger?
Fuck you. You want peace,
you do like my old man.
You bust fucking heads
until they beg for it.
And how is that supposed
to work?
What are we gonna do?
We're gonna go to war?
He's a thousand miles away.
And besides,
we got a skeleton crew as it is.
All right, make the calls.
Get everybody together.
Hey.
It's the right thing to do.
I wasn't asking
for your fucking permission.
So, Kansas City.
What about it?
I mean, when is payback time?
They tried to kill you, man.
I think
I sent a pretty brutal message.
- That's all?
- Tyson,
the guy went home
in a black fucking trash bag.
Maybe Bevilaqua will get
the message, maybe he won't.
My old football coach
used to say,
"The best defense
is a good offense."
- Your football coach?
- Mm-hmm.
- [slurps]
- That's profound.
Everyone knows football players
make the best hit men.
[chuckling]
You gonna mock me, man?
No, I'm serious, man.
Did you ever hear
of the Colombo family?
- Yeah, vaguely.
- Okay.
- Mm-hmm.
- It's this Mafia family.
They were involved
in this long, stupid,
protracted, bloody war.
A lot of guys got whacked,
dead and gone.
- Hmm.
- Total waste.
When all they had to do...
...is bide their time.
I feel like
it make us look weak.
Did you ever kill anybody?
I'm curious.
[chuckles] No. You know
I haven't killed nobody.
Well, it's disturbing,
unless
you're a fucking psychopath.
Well, if it's a matter
of life or death...
But it's not.
But I was there.
Well, you weren't involved.
But I wasn't
an innocent bystander.
That's exactly
what the fuck you are.
And you're gonna stay that way
as long as I'm around.
Ain't you gonna trust me?
I'm over the ice cream.
Let's take a hike.
How's everybody doing today?
Try the strawberry.
I recommend it.
I'm gonna tell you something.
An eye for an eye
makes the world go blind.
Did you ever hear that?
I never heard nothing like that.
- It's from Gandhi.
- That's Italian?
No, he was an Indian.
Like an Indian-Indian,
not like Jimmy the Creek.
- A real Indian.
- Yeah.
He was a pacifist
and he followed Jesus.
And Martin Luther King
followed both of them.
I mean, look,
Martin Luther King I know.
And I'd like to think even
he would've whacked Bevilaqua.
Martin Luther King
would've whacked Bevilaqua?
There's food for thought.
So what's the plan, Skip?
We retaliating or what?
I'm thinking about it.
Ask me,
this can't go unanswered.
No one fucking asked you.
[phone ringing]
Uh, New York.
Yeah?
It's Vince. Chickie's calling
for a sit-down.
With who?
Us, youse guys,
- and Tulsa.
- Tulsa?
You out of your fucking mind?
I get in the same room
with that fucking guy,
he ain't coming out alive,
Vince.
Hey, hey, look.
Nobody hates Dwight
more than me,
but this tit-for-tat shit,
it's bad for business.
Yeah, well, I don't have tits
and I don't have tats.
You know what I have?
I have a fucking grieving widow
and a giant fucking hole
in my organization.
So let's come to some kind
of financial agreement
that'll make you happy.
Manfredi agrees to that?
He will.
Give me this.
B.B., it's Chickie.
What's the fucking holdup?
Chickie,
can you deliver this guy?
'Cause he's not listening
to no one.
He'll listen to me.
He's dumb, but he ain't crazy.
Atlanta next week.
Details to come.
That's how it's fucking done.
♪ tense music
***
[door opens]
[door closes]
♪ Whoo, whoo ♪
♪ Whoo,
whoo ♪
♪ Whoo, whoo... ♪
All right,
we got to come up with a name.
If we're gonna get
into the car business,
we need something...
that sticks.
Right? So what do you got?
Auto World.
How about something like that?
- Too generic.
- Little bit.
- Auto Heaven.
- Auto Heaven?
You mean, where cars go to die?
Cosa Nostra Cars.
A deal you can't refuse.
I like that, but we're trying
to hide what we do,
you know, kind of, like,
keep it under wraps.
That is a cool name,
though, man.
It is.
I'll tell you what.
Why don't you write one
of those jingles on your guitar?
Use that.
What, you mean like me be
in the commercial?
- Why not?
- [laughs]
I... 'Cause I can't act.
Oh, but Donnie Shore's great?
Good point.
All right, y'all.
Let's get to Fennario.
- All right.
- We got to get out of here.
Think about the jingle.
It's a great idea.
♪ upbeat country music
***
- You made it.
- Better late than never.
Better never late.
Touché.
Let me introduce you
to the guys.
- Okay.
- Holata's our electrical expert.
He knows gearboxes and such.
Millo's our "Blade Runner."
He fixes
the wind turbine blades.
Yeah, Millo's a graduate of the
Indigenous People's Sustainable
Energy Repair Program.
- Oh.
- He's also certifiably insane.
- How so?
- [Ahanu] You kidding?
These towers are 35 stories.
He has to rappel down
all the way from the top.
Holy shit. So the rumors
that Indigenous people
are not afraid of heights...
[Jimmy]
Is bullshit. You see,
back in the day
our people would volunteer
for work up high
on buildings and bridges.
And so everyone assumed that
they weren't afraid of heights.
The truth is,
is they were, of course,
but they were also afraid
of starving,
so they took the jobs
that nobody else wanted.
[Millo]
So what do you think?
You want
to join me up there on top?
Fuck no.
Someone is afraid of heights.
Someone is afraid
of a lot of things.
That is why someone never leaves
home without... boom.
Boom.
Skoden.
Certi-fucking-fiable.
♪ slow, gentle music
***
[car doors open and close]
Fuck me.
What's up?
It's envelope day.
I got to pay you now?
It's what the boss man say.
Yeah, well, you know what,
I ain't got it right now.
So can you just tell him
to give me a fucking break?
I'm pretty sure
he gave you a break
by not blowing your brains out.
[chuckles]
You think this is funny?
A little bit.
Big man.
Nose up Dwight's ass.
A year ago, what were you,
a fucking Uber driver?
Them days is long gone,
my friend.
Yeah? Well, let me tell you
something, son.
Things may be peaches and cream
for you right now,
but you better pray
you never get on his bad side.
'Cause he will fuck you
eight ways to Sunday.
[spits]
- There's my boy.
- [horse whinnies]
Knock, knock.
[chuckles]
Hey.
Just in time.
How about a cup of joe?
Sounds good to me.
Is that a percolator?
I'm old-school.
What can I say?
Coffee pods
just don't do it for me.
You're visiting Pilot?
Well, I could lie and say yeah.
How you doing, Pilot?
But I'm really here to see you.
Because there's
this new Italian restaurant.
I hear it's great.
I'd like to ask you out.
You free tonight?
That's presumptuous.
Yeah, a little... ow...
a little presumptuous.
If I say yes,
it'll make me seem easy.
How about this?
You got the kind of hair
that poets write about.
You already used that line.
Is it still working?
[laughs]
Of course.
Okay, well...
I'll see you tonight.
I got to ask you something.
About this Thresher--
Wait a minute.
Did you come here to ask me out
or to ask me about Thresher?
No, I came to ask you out,
but I figured...
I'm here. Why not?
- I don't know if I like this.
- Don't get upset
about it. It's no big deal.
I don't care. Forget it.
Forget I even mentioned it.
I'll see you tonight. Okay?
What do you want to know...
...exactly?
[horse neighs in distance]
What's his problem?
I'd like to flatter myself
and say it's me, but...
it's deeper than that.
He's obsessive.
He likes to be in control.
He keeps squaring up to me
like he wants to do something,
like this territorial imperative
I don't get too close.
Well, he's getting too close,
and it's bothering me a lot.
He's weak.
That's why he takes on partners
that can back him up.
Few years ago,
it was some criminal.
Now he's got new people.
They were at that fundraiser.
Maybe you saw them.
The Chinese guys.
Yeah. A little sketchy.
Very sketchy.
I bet they're out of New York.
They have this group
called the triad.
Fucking gang time.
Anyway, they find suckers
and they get them to front 'em,
give 'em money, get the license.
Then these mutts,
they take over,
grow the shit,
throw it on trucks,
take it to New York,
and make a bundle.
That's who they are.
Sounds like you've done
your homework.
I got to know
how this guy thinks
or how he doesn't think.
Mm, I don't know, but...
I would steer clear of Thresher.
Bad news.
He's bad news?
[chuckles]
You think I'm a scaredy-cat?
[chuckling]
You're cute.
[both chuckling]
- [country music playing]
- [indistinct chatter]
- You good?
- Mmm. Delicious.
But if I'm not careful,
I'm gonna need a bath
when I'm done.
Oh, I can see that.
You're a real dainty,
meticulous eater.
Stains are just another form
of evidence.
I don't envy the way
you must sleep at night.
[phone ringing]
Ah, fuck. Of course.
We have nothing to talk about.
Then just shut up and listen.
Chickie's calling
for a sit-down.
Us, you guys and K.C.
in Atlanta.
Oh, now Chickie wants to talk?
I mean, he's at a pretty low ebb
with Dwight
since, you know, he helped try
to have him whacked.
Those potheads that Dwight calls
a crew may be ignorant,
but you know the code.
You never say no
to a sit-down, period.
Well, since when did you become
the fucking peacemaker?
People change
when situations change.
I'll run it up,
but no promises.
Just make it happen.
Ah! Fuck!
Can I get a Wet-Nap, please?
Goddamn it.
[Joanne] You ever get high
when you're working?
We used to all the time,
but not really lately.
Well, why not?
Dwight wants us to stay alert.
But you should feel free.
- Here, have another gummy.
- Oh, no, no, no.
Uh, you know what, I feel great.
This place is so cool.
You have a recording studio.
People love it.
They get high.
All their inhibitions disappear.
Suddenly every guy is Bruno Mars
and every girl is Taylor Swift.
[both laugh]
So, um, Bodhi told me that you
used to sell Girl Scout Cookies?
I did, I did.
Me, too. Jennings, Troop 14.
- [laughs]
- I was absolutely addicted
- to Thin Mints.
- Uh, no, not for me.
- Samoas.
- Oh.
Actually,
I could go for one right now.
I mean, literally nothing
goes better with coffee.
- Or when you're high. [chuckles]
- [laughing]
Oh. You know what?
That's it.
You know what this place
is-is missing?
- What?
- Munchies.
Munchies.
I mean, half the people
that come in here are high.
Yeah, and the other half
come here
- to get high.
- So if you had snacks,
you know, cookies, little cakes,
they would fly off the shelf.
- Hmm.
- Next time I come in here,
I'm gonna make some cookies,
we're gonna lay them out
and we're gonna experiment.
Sounds great.
Just remember
to keep 'em away from Fred.
Huh.
You can have whatever you want.
Thank you.
Ah.
Afternoon, Armand.
Afternoon.
I take it Manfredi's here.
[Armand] Yeah, he's
in the stable with Margaret.
Why don't we get you started
with one of your horses?
Yeah.
Uh, the Black kid,
does he work with Manfredi?
[Armand]
That's Tyson Mitchell.
Thinks he's a gangster.
He's a low-level fugazi.
- She is beautiful.
- Thank you.
Well, now
that I've got you both here,
I want to pick your brain.
Do you think that Hunter
has the temperament to race?
Oh, yes.
He's very manageable.
Super responsive and fast.
[chuckles]
Mr. Manfredi.
Ah.
[chuckling]
I see we're both here
breaking in fillies.
I'm gonna break in your jaw
if you don't stop interfering
in my fucking business.
Business? Oh!
You mean the wind farms.
I do recall you being
the one rhapsodizing
about the virtues
of competition.
Good competition. Not this shit
you're trying to pull.
Well, in any case,
you bled a little.
You're in so far
over your fucking head.
You have no idea the world
you're fucking around in.
Well, I think
you got that backwards.
You see,
you're in over your head
out here, pal,
not me.
See, you think you can come here
and get whatever you want,
but you can't.
Including her.
[shotgun racks]
Whatever's happening here,
take it someplace else.
[chuckling]
Saved by the belle.
Come on.
Let's talk about Hunter.
♪ tense music ♪
***
What's going on?
A little male-pattern badness.
Hey, don't shoot me.
We got a date.
[phone rings]
- How you doing, Goodie?
- [Goodie] Vince called.
Him and Chickie want you to sit
down with them and Bevilaqua.
- Whoa.
- Look...
- [slot machines jingling]
- But maybe it isn't
such a bad thing,
coming to terms.
I mean, do we really want to
keep looking over our shoulders?
He's sleeping with one eye open,
too. [chuckles]
Yeah, he'd be stupid
if he ain't.
[bill counter shuffling cash]
- [keypad beeping]
- [Dwight] Where does he want
to do this meeting?
Atlanta. Sometime next week.
[chuckles]
If you're gonna end a civil war,
- that's the place. Atlanta.
- [chuckles]
Is that a yes?
It's a "let me think about it."
Me and Tyson are on our way.
You pick up Mitch and Bigfoot.
Bodhi wants to show us something
on the wind farm.
Will do.
Business is good?
Must be.
Look at all that green.
As long as people have hope,
gambling... is alive.
[chatter in Mandarin]
What's happening here?
Why did you pull these men out
of the field?
Oh, I just needed 'em
for a special assignment.
What kind of assignment?
Nothing to do with you, Jackie.
These men work for me.
Well, they work for me as well.
Remember, this is a partnership.
All the more reason you
should have come to me first.
Oh.
Kind of like how you came to me
with the poppy field?
Partnership cannot survive
without balance.
I'll show you the same level
of respect that you show me.
♪ pensive music
***
[tires screech]
You know these guys?
I was hoping you did.
Isn't this your property?
Not since you signed the lease.
Can I help you gentlemen?
[grunts]
♪ ominous music
***
- [phone rings]
- Hey, Jimmy.
Dwight, these guys showed up.
- They're trashing the equipment.
- Goddamn it. Who are they?
They're losing their
fucking shit!
- We need help!
- We're on our way.
Hit it.
The fuck?!
[equipment clattering]
[electricity crackling]
Go, go, go, go.
***
♪ "Radar Love"
by Golden Earring ♪
♪ I've been driving all night,
my hands wet on the wheel ♪
[grunting]
♪ There's a voice in my head
that drives my heel ♪
♪ It's my baby callin',
says "I need you here" ♪
♪ And it's half past 4:00
and I'm shifting gear ♪
♪ When she gets lonely
and the longing is too much ♪
♪ She sends a cable
coming in from above ♪
♪ We don't need a phone at all
♪ We've got a thing
♪ That's called radar love
♪ We've got a wave in the air ♪
- [yelling fiercely]
- ♪ Radar love...
Damn, Tyson. Wham!
[grunting]
♪ The radio's playing
some forgotten song ♪
♪ Brenda Lee's
"Coming On Strong" ♪
♪ The road has got me
hypnotized ♪
♪ And I'm speeding into
a new sunrise ♪
♪ When I get lonely and
I'm sure I've had enough ♪
♪ She sends her comfort
coming in from above ♪
♪ We don't need no letter
at all... ♪
Get him, Bigfoot.
♪ That's called radar love...
- Beat his ass.
- Do it!
[grunts]
***
Rough day at the fucking office,
right, pal?
Pull him up.
- Get up. Get up.
- [groaning]
Who sent you?
[speaks Mandarin]
[bat clatters]
[vehicle departing]
You tell me who sent you,
or he's gonna pull
your fucking face off.
Thresher.
Fucking took you long enough.
I had a few things to do.
[truck door closes]
- [tires screeching]
- Come on, let's get out of here.
[phone ringing]
Yeah?
Well, howdy, Bill.
Isn't that what
you cowpokes say?
I'm busy. What do you want?
I was hoping that you and I
could compare notes
about Dwight Manfredi.
Notes on what?
Honestly, he's been stepping
on my toes a little.
What's that got to do with me?
Well, you and I haven't
worked together in a while.
That's 'cause I made your
Chinese partner buy me out.
Well, that was your choice,
Bill.
Frankly, I wanted you to stay.
What's on your mind, Cal?
Well, I was hoping that
you'd come back in somehow.
And somehow, maybe we could
rekindle some new arrangement.
"Non svegliare il cane
che dorme."
You familiar with that phrase?
Enlighten me.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Well, I've got a proverb
for you.
True fellowship among men
must be based upon
a concern that is universal.
It is not the private interest
of the individual
that creates a lasting
fellowship among men,
but instead,
the goals of humanity.
Do you know what that one means?
Uh-huh.
Means you're eating
too much chop suey.
I'll see ya, Cal.
[sighs]
[piano music playing]
***
[indistinct chatter]
Sorry I'm late.
I thought you stood me up.
No. Stand you up? Never.
I had a doctor's appointment.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
- Clean bill of health.
- Mm.
Think they gave me 24 hours.
[chuckles]
Thank goodness. Let's eat.
You know, I'm only here
on three conditions.
Only three? Let's hear 'em.
- No talk of business.
- Mm-hmm.
- No talk of politics.
- Blah.
And definitely no talk
of you-know-who.
Forget him.
Okay, so what do you want
to talk about?
I want to know
what you were like as a kid.
Oh, come on, will you?
[laughs]
You want to lose your appetite?
I was a horror.
I was-- I was not a lot of fun.
They should have tied me
in my crib and left me there.
I'll tell you what,
I'm interested in your journey,
because you're a mystery.
Oh, no, no, I'm not.
I'm telling you, I'm pretty good
at reading people.
I can't figure you out, so...
spill it, sister.
- Mm.
- Mr. Manfredi.
May I start your evening
with champagne, sir?
Did you order this?
- Not me.
- Oh, it's a gift, sir.
From Mr. Thresher.
Oh, my God.
Does this guy ever stop?
Jesus Christ.
It's one of the finest
bottles in our cellar.
One of the finest.
Yes. He said he would like
to make sure
you had a memorable evening.
Memorable. You know,
I'll tell you what.
Why don't you keep
Thresher's account open
and bring us the actual
finest that you got.
Pierre Jouët Belle Epoque 2002.
It's exceedingly rare.
And expensive.
Yes, it's $6,000 a bottle.
[both laugh]
That's all?
- Bring us two bottles.
- Oh!
Okay?
As a matter of fact,
why don't you bring a bottle
to that table over there,
that nice couple.
Very well, sir.
How about that?
Now both me and Thresher
are gonna have
a memorable evening.
I'll say.
[laughs]
- Margaret...
- Mm.
...you look fantastic.
Beautiful room, beautiful booze,
beautiful woman.
So let's get started.
How you doing?
[imitating Dwight]
Let's get this thing going.
- That sounds familiar.
- [laughs]
♪ Knowing you think of me
♪ Once in a while
[song ends]
♪ exciting music ♪
***